We have defined safety requirements at the functional level
and then allocated those requirements to the item architecture.
We now know what level of risk is contained in the item and we
have added extra functionality to make sure that the item behaves in a safe manner.
The next step is to look at the safety requirements from a technical perspective.
We've said, for example,
that the steering wheel warning vibration amplitude and frequency need to be limited.
But what software and hardware elements are we
going to need in order to limit the vibration?
What are those hardware and software elements going to do to ensure functional safety?
In the next lesson,
we will refine our functional safety requirements and the technical safety requirements.